tpm2-{pcrread, pcrreset, pcrextend}: add page (#21601)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/tpm2-pcrread.md

# tpm2 pcrread

> Read the PCR values from a TPM.
> More information: <https://manned.org/tpm2_pcrread>.

- Read all PCR values:

`tpm2 pcrread`

- Read all PCR values of the sha256 bank:

`tpm2 pcrread sha256:all`

> - Read the PCR 16, 17 and 18 values of the sha1 and sha256 banks, then write them in binary format in the pcrs file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read specific PCR values from multiple banks and write them to a file:
```

> `tpm2 pcrread --output pcrs sha1:16,17,18+sha256:16,17,18`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tpm2 pcrread {{[-o|--output]}} {{path/to/file}} {{sha1:16,17,18+sha256:16,17,18}}`
```
